[ADR] Safe Device Failure (#230)
proveskit/pysquared: adr/graceful-device-initialization-failure-handling.md

### Current State
Currently, all device initialization failures are fatal, meaning that if a device fails to initialize, the entire root `try/except` in `main.py` will be triggered, and the satellite will restart. For example, the [IMU initialization](https://github.com/proveskit/CircuitPython_RP2040_v4/blob/4693e43a373030e74dad109c0858c9e36998f1df/main.py#L94) in the v4 board repo is not handling exceptions.

Possibly by accident, all current hardware device managers are safe to call after a failed initialization. As long as their initialization is wrapped in a `try/except` block, the device manager will return `None` for all subsequent calls for sensor readings.

## Proposal

### Pattern 1: Generic Device Protocol with `get_state()`

> We propose to add a `get_state()` method to the generic device protocol. This method will return 1 of 3 possible states: `unknown`, `initialized`, or `failed` allowing downstream services to check the state of a device before attempting to use it.

Author: ```suggestion
We propose to add a `get_state()` method to the generic device protocol. This method will return 1 of 3 possible states: `disabled`, `enabled`, or `failed` allowing downstream services to check the state of a device before attempting to use it.
```
